docs: reword docs/config/Async Config (#13437)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

## Async Config

> To use async functions in your configuration, make sure to export the config as an async function:

Reviewer: I think the original wording is ok, but we could clarify that the async function can be passed to `defineConfig` too. As the snippet doesn't correspond with directly exporting the async function: 
```suggestion
If the config needs to call async functions, it can export an async function instead. And this async function can also be passed through `defineConfig` for improved intellisense support:
```
